docs: add vault benchmark (#2271)
edgelesssys/constellation: docs/versioned_docs/version-2.10/overview/performance/application.md

# Application benchmarks

## HashiCorp Vault

[HashiCorp Vault](https://www.vaultproject.io/) is a distributed secrets management software that can be deployed to Kubernetes.
HashiCorp maintains a benchmarking tool for vault, [vault-benchmark](https://github.com/hashicorp/vault-benchmark/).
Vault-benchmark generates load on a Vault deployment and measures response times.

This article describes the results from running vault-benchmark on Constellation, AKS, and GKE.

> The setup for producing the data discussed in this article can be found in the [vault-benchmarks](https://github.com/edgelesssys/vault-benchmarks) repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the setup for producing the data discussed in this article in the [vault-benchmarks](https://github.com/edgelesssys/vault-benchmarks) repository.
```
nit: prefer active voice (MS style guide)
